[RM CH04] Add Edge Profile in CH04 (#1722)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_model/chapters/chapter04.md

#### 4.2.4.2 Network Intensive Profile
This Cloud Infrastructure Profile is intended to be used for those applications that has high network throughput requirements (up to 50Gbps).

#### 4.2.4.3 Edge Profile

> This Cloud Infrastructure Profile is intended to be used for Edge use cases that have special requirmenet , as FPGA for vRAN use case which required offloading some RAN functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Cloud Infrastructure Profile is intended to be used for Edge use cases that have special requirements, as FPGA for vRAN use case which required for offloading some RAN functionality.
```

Reviewer 2: Suggestions for some Typo corrections
```suggestion
This Cloud Infrastructure Profile is intended to be used for Edge use cases that have special requirements, such as for the vRAN use case where  FPGA is required for offloading some RAN functionality.
```

> This Cloud Infrastructure Profile is intended to be used for Edge use cases that have special requirmenet , as FPGA for vRAN use case which required offloading some RAN functionality.

Reviewer: I think FPGA is not a requirement, but a solution to a requirement. The requirement here is low latency computing, low latency networking and high throughput.

Reviewer 2: @CsatariGergely Please review my suggestion and see if it addresses your concern.
